In order to protect these five virtues of chūshetsu, reigi, buyo, shingi, and shi-sō,
one must have a certain spirit.
In other words, the five virtues are combined,
and therefore, the unfulfilled actions are all a form of apology,
and one must act in accordance with the conditions.
However, in the end, the five virtues are the conditions of the heaven and earth,
and the conditions of the human race, and they are told to be easy to do and to protect.
In fact, I cannot say anything,
but I am very happy.
This is not only a text,
but also a sign of the path of the human race.
In other words, our Jikkai army,
in the battle of Nishin and Michiro,
has won the war and has made Koku-yu shine.
We have participated in the world war,
and have given our buyo to the outside world,
and have shown our spirit of a soldier who has lived in the wild for many years,
and we believe that we are the most powerful people in the park.
I believe that there is no one in the world who can be skilled
with a spirit of armor like the Japanese army.
The imperial army, which has a history of a glorious past,
is in this special room, and it must improve its skill and desire in the future.
The existence of the imperial army, which has a history of a glorious past,
is not only necessary for the development of Japan,
but also for the peace of the East,
and it is something that should guarantee the peace of the world.
I would like to express my gratitude to the military service unit for their 50th anniversary.